README.md, before:

# crimbo
Script for automating Crimbo in Kingdom of Loathing

## Dependencies
When installed it will also install the following dependencies:
```
https://github.com/Loathing-Associates-Scripting-Society/autoscend/branches/master/RELEASE/
```

## Installation

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
svn checkout https://github.com/Loathing-Associates-Scripting-Society/crimbo/trunk/RELEASE/
```
Will require [a recent build of KoLMafia](http://builds.kolmafia.us/job/Kolmafia/lastSuccessfulBuild/).

## Uninstall

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
svn delete crimbo
```

## crimbo21.ash

A script for doing the Crimbo 2021 event.

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
crimbo21 X
```
Where X = number of adv you are willing to spend

Or you can click on it from the dropdown scripts menu to be asked how many adventures to spend in a popup.

You need to configure a custom combat script for fighting the enemies. My personal script (for sauceror) is:

```
[ default ]
scrollwhendone
if sauceror
    skill curse of weaksauce
endif
special action
skill micrometeorite
skill saucegeyser
```

It will not touch your Mood. so you can set it to whatever you feel is appropriate.
It will maintain infinitely available non potion buffs automatically. For potions and limited buffs you should use moods when appropriate. (only use them when it can progress no further on the unlimited buffs).

Commit message:

do not auto install autoscend (#34)
disabled until github install issues are fixed

README.md, after:

# crimbo
Script for automating Crimbo in Kingdom of Loathing

## Dependencies
Until mafia issue with github are resolved this will not automatically install the dependencies. instead it you need to manually make sure you have them installed and up to date.
```
svn checkout https://github.com/Loathing-Associates-Scripting-Society/autoscend/branches/master/RELEASE/
```

## Installation

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
svn checkout https://github.com/Loathing-Associates-Scripting-Society/crimbo/trunk/RELEASE/
```
Will require [a recent build of KoLMafia](http://builds.kolmafia.us/job/Kolmafia/lastSuccessfulBuild/).

## Uninstall

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
svn delete crimbo
```

## crimbo21.ash

A script for doing the Crimbo 2021 event.

Run this command in the gCLI:
```
crimbo21 X
```
Where X = number of adv you are willing to spend

Or you can click on it from the dropdown scripts menu to be asked how many adventures to spend in a popup.

You need to configure a custom combat script for fighting the enemies. My personal script (for sauceror) is:

```
[ default ]
scrollwhendone
if sauceror
    skill curse of weaksauce
endif
special action
skill micrometeorite
skill saucegeyser
```

It will not touch your Mood. so you can set it to whatever you feel is appropriate.
It will maintain infinitely available non potion buffs automatically. For potions and limited buffs you should use moods when appropriate. (only use them when it can progress no further on the unlimited buffs).
